docs(store): unidirectional data flow in store (#1279)
ngxs/store: docs/advanced/sub-states.md

# Sub Stores

Complex and large state graphs are difficult to manage. Oftentimes we need
to break these down into sub states that we can manage on a individual
basis. With NGXS, we can use a concept called sub states to handle this.

> ## Unidirectional data flow in store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unidirectional Data Flow in NGXS
```

> Unidirectional data flow as a pattern is usually mentioned when talking about performance in Angular. The reason why data flows from top to bottom, is because change detection is also always performed from top to bottom for every single component, every single time, starting from the root component. This is awesome, as unidirectional data flow is more predictable than cycles. We always know where the data we use in our views comes from, because it can only result from its component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unidirectional data flow as a pattern is usually mentioned when talking about performance in Angular. The reason why data flows from top to bottom, is because change detection is also always performed from top to bottom for every single component, every single time, starting from the root component. Unidirectional data flow is much easier to debug as it has no side effects unlike the AngularJS's digest cycle. The view is stable throughout a single rendering pass.
```

> Another interesting observation can be said about and state management. We want to make sure that during state mutation where we are transforming data into a state, need that the current state don't mutation another state. Otherwise, it could lead to unpredictable consequences and confusion. Thus, our states are encapsulated from each other, and their child states can only be changed from the parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unidirectional data flow policy is also applied to the state management. We have to make sure that states are independent and do not affect each other, the child state should know nothing about its parent. Potentially that could lead to unpredictable side effects. Our states are meant to be encapsulated from each other and only the parent can manage its children.
```

Author: done
